README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div>
  <div align="center">
    <h1 style="font-weight: bold">🦄 Buildspace</h1>
    <a href="https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions">
        <img src="./assets/logo.png" alt="Logo">
    </a>
    <br />
    <br />
  </div>
</div>

<!-- ABOUT THIS REPOSITORY -->
<h2 align="center"> About This Repository </h2>

<div align="center">
<p align="center">This repository contains the solution for all of the project hosted on Buildspace. If you notice any issue with the repository, feel free to contribute by creating a PR.</p>

<a href="https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/issues">Report Bugs</a>
·
<a href="https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/issues">Request Feature</a>

</div>

<br />

## Project Branches

-   [Build a Web3 App with Solidity + Ethereum Smart Contracts](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/create-your-first-smart-contract) | [Tutorial Link](https://buildspace.so/p/build-solidity-web3-app)

-   [Mint your own NFT collection and ship a Web3 app](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/mint-your-own-nft) | [Tutorial Link](https://buildspace.so/p/mint-nft-collection)

-   [Build a Web3 app on Solana with React and Rust](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/solana-web-app) | [Tutorial Link](https://buildspace.so/p/build-solana-web3-app)

-   [Build your own DAO with Javascript](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/build-your-own-dao) | [Tutorial Link](https://buildspace.so/p/build-dao-with-javascript)

-   [Ship your own custom NFT collection on Solana w/ Metaplex in a weekend](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/solana-metaplex) | [Tutorial Link](https://buildspace.so/p/ship-solana-nft-collection)

-   [Ship an epic Web3 app on Terra with Rust and React](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/terra-clicker-game-solution) | [Tutorial Link](https://buildspace.so/p/ship-terra-web3-app)

Commit message:

Added "Create your own mini turn-based NFT browser game" project

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div>
  <div align="center">
    <h1 style="font-weight: bold">🦄 Buildspace</h1>
    <a href="https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions">
        <img src="./assets/logo.png" alt="Logo">
    </a>
    <br />
    <br />
  </div>
</div>

<!-- ABOUT THIS REPOSITORY -->
<h2 align="center"> About This Repository </h2>

<div align="center">
<p align="center">This repository contains the solution for all of the project hosted on Buildspace. If you notice any issue with the repository, feel free to contribute by creating a PR.</p>

<a href="https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/issues">Report Bugs</a>
·
<a href="https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/issues">Request Feature</a>

</div>

<br />

## Project Branches

-   [Build a Web3 App with Solidity + Ethereum Smart Contracts](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/create-your-first-smart-contract) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/build-solidity-web3-app)

-   [Mint your own NFT collection and ship a Web3 app](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/mint-your-own-nft) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/mint-nft-collection)

-   [Build a Web3 app on Solana with React and Rust](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/solana-web-app) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/build-solana-web3-app)

-   [Build your own DAO with Javascript](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/build-your-own-dao) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/build-dao-with-javascript)

-   [Ship your own custom NFT collection on Solana w/ Metaplex in a weekend](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/solana-metaplex) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/ship-solana-nft-collection)

-   [Ship an epic Web3 app on Terra with Rust and React](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/terra-clicker-game-solution) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/ship-terra-web3-app)

-   [Create your own mini turn-based NFT browser game](https://github.com/helloitsm3/buildspace-solutions/tree/create-turn-based-nft-game) | [Project](https://buildspace.so/p/create-turn-based-nft-game)
